Updates gateway-class-config docs to include fields for privileged co… (#18776)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/api-gateway/configuration/gatewayclassconfig.mdx

* `debug`
* `trace`

### matchPrivilegedContainerPorts

> Specifies the value to add to privileged ports ( ports < 1024). If this value is set, any privileged port on the gateway will have this value added to it. This is useful to avoid running containers with privileged ports.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```suggestion
Specifies a value that Consul adds to privileged ports defined in the gateway. Privileged ports are port numbers less than 1024 and some platforms, such as Red Hat OpenShift, explicitly configure Kubernetes to avoid running containers on privileged ports. The total value of the configured port number and the `matchPriviledgedContainerPorts` value must not exceed 66535, which is the highest possible TCP port number allowed. 
```
Just to add a little more context and match the style guidance.

for gateway containers
* Type: Integer
* Required: optional

You can specify an integer between `0` and `64512`

### nodeSelector
Pods normally run on multiple nodes. You can specify a set of parameters in the `nodeSelector` that constrain the nodes on which the pod can run, enabling the pod to fit on a node. The selector must match a node's labels for the pod to be scheduled on that node. Refer to the [Kubernetes documentation](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/assign-pod-node/) for additional information.

* Type: string
* Required: optional

### openshiftSCCName

> Specifies the Openshift Security Context Constraint for the `GatewayClassConfig` to use. View available default security context constraints on [Openshift](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.13/authentication/managing-security-context-constraints.html#default-sccs_configuring-internal-oauth).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies the OpenShift security context constraint (SCC) for the `GatewayClassConfig` to use. Refer to the [OpenShift SCC documentation](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.13/authentication/managing-security-context-constraints.html#default-sccs_configuring-internal-oauth) for additional information about the available default SCCs.
```
